Updated readme for pace (#221)
ai2cm/pace: README.md

### Dynamical core tests

Before the top-level build, make sure you have configured the authentication with user credientials and configured Docker with the following commands:
```shell
$ gcloud auth login
$ gcloud auth configure-docker
```

> You will also need to update the submodules to include gt4py:
> ```shell
> $ git submodule update --init
> ```

Reviewer: There are submodules other than gt4py, so something like this? Not sure if we have recursive submodules, but it can't hurt. :) 
```suggestion
You will also need to ensure the git submodules are cloned and at the correct version:
```shell
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

$ make build
```

For serial tests (these take a bit of time), there are two options:

(1) To enter the container and run the dynamical core serial tests (main and savepoint tests):

```shell
$ make dev
$ pytest -v -s --data_path=/fv3core/test_data/8.1.0/c12_6ranks_standard/dycore/ /fv3core/tests
```

> (2) To run the tests without opening the docker container (just savepoint tests):

Reviewer 2: I think you should also specify here that setting `DEV=y` mounts the local directory, so any changes locally will be in effect without having to rebuild the container.

Author: Updated
